modname:GalacticraftCore[2.0.6-]
var:idBlockBacterialSludge=0,idBlockCreeperEgg=0,idBlockMachine=0,idBlockMars=0,idBlockRock=0,idBlockTintedGlassPane=0,idBlockTreasureChestT2=0,idBlockVine=0
cfgfile:config/Galacticraft/core.conf
cfgfile:config/Galacticraft/moon.conf
cfgfile:config/Galacticraft/mars.conf

texturepath:assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/bottom,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/bottom.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/moonore_tin.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_2,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_2.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_1,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/middle,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/middle.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/top_side,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/top_side.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/blank,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_8,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_8.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_7,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_7.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/moonore_copper.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/top,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/top.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_4,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_4.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/cheese_3,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/cheese_3.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_3,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_3.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/cheese_2,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/cheese_2.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/moonore_cheese.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_6,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_6.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/cheese_1,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/cheese_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/grass_step_5,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/grass_step_5.png
texture:id=galacticraftmoon/brick,filename=assets/galacticraftmoon/textures/blocks/brick.png

# idBlockMoon:0 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_copper
# idBlockMoon:1 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_tin
# idBlockMoon:2 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/moonore_cheese
# idBlockMoon:3 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/middle
# idBlockMoon:4 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/bottom,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/bottom,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/bottom,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/bottom,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/bottom,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/bottom
# idBlockMoon:5 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/top,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:6 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_1,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:7 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_2,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:8 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_3,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:9 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_4,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:10 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_5,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:11 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_6,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:12 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_7,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:13 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/grass_step_8,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/top_side
# idBlockMoon:14 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmoon/brick,face1=0:galacticraftmoon/brick,face2=0:galacticraftmoon/brick,face3=0:galacticraftmoon/brick,face4=0:galacticraftmoon/brick,face5=0:galacticraftmoon/brick
# idBlockMoon:15 : tile.moonBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlock
block:id=idBlockMoon,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/blank

# idBlockCheese:0 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=0,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:1 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=1,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:2 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=2,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:3 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=3,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:4 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=4,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:5 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=5,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:6 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=6,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:7 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=7,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:8 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=8,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:9 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=9,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:10 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=10,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:11 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=11,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:12 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=12,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:13 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=13,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:14 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=14,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2
# idBlockCheese:15 : tile.cheeseBlock: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.moon.blocks.GCMoonBlockCheese
block:id=idBlockCheese,data=15,stdrot=true,face5=12000:galacticraftmoon/cheese_2

texturepath:assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/
texture:id=galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/glowstoneTorch.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_copper_cable.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/refinery_front,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/refinery_front.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_decompressor_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_powerpipe_stone.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/unlitTorchLit.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_cargounloader.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/aluminumWireHeavy.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/launchController,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/launchController.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/electricFurnace,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/electricFurnace.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/aluminumWire.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oreTin,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oreTin.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/detector_side,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/detector_side.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_0,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/solar_advanced_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/solar_advanced_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_hv_cable.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/compressor,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/compressor.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/deco_tin_block.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_output,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_output.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/treasureChest.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/refinery_side,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/refinery_side.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_side,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_side.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_collector_fan.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/launch_pad,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/launch_pad.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_compressor_2.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_1,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_compressor_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_oxygen_output.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_lv_cable.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_sealer.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_powerpipe_gold.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/airlock_off,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/airlock_off.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/solar_basic_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/solar_basic_1,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/solar_basic_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/fallen_meteor.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_oil_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_oil_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_oxygen_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_blank,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_blank.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/energyStorageModule_16.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/fuel_flow.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/deco_copper_block.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/deco_aluminium_2.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_cargoloader.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/deco_aluminium_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/terraformer_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/pipe_oxygen_white.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/workbench_nasa_top.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oreAluminum,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oreAluminum.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_oxygen_pipe.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oreSilicon,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oreSilicon.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/circuit_fabricator,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/circuit_fabricator.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/deco_aluminium_4.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_me_cable.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/buggy_fueler.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/deco_aluminium_block.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/electric_compressor,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/electric_compressor.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_fuel_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/coalGenerator,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/coalGenerator.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_item_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_item_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_fuelloader.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oreCopper,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oreCopper.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/cargo_pad,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/cargo_pad.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_gold_cable.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/workbench_nasa_side.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_glassfibre_cable.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/cryoDummy.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oil_flow,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oil_flow.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_item_output,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_item_output.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/fuel_still,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/fuel_still.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oil_still,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oil_still.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/breatheableAir,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/breatheableAir.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/buggy_fueler_blank.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_distributor_fan.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/airlock_control_off.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/oxygenStorageModule_16.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_itempipe_stone.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/enclosed_aluminum_wire.png


# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:0 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:1 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:2 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:3 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:4 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:5 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:6 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:7 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:8 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:9 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:10 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:11 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:12 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:13 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:14 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockCoreBreatheableAir:15 : tile.breatheableAir: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockBreathableAir
block:id=idBlockCoreBreatheableAir,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/breatheableAir
# idBlockLandingPad:0 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:1 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank
# idBlockLandingPad:2 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/cargo_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:4 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:5 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:6 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:7 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:8 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:9 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:10 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:11 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:12 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:13 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:14 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPad:15 : tile.landingPad: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPad
block:id=idBlockLandingPad,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:0 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:1 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler,face1=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler,face2=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler,face3=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler,face4=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler,face5=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler
# idBlockLandingPadFull:2 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/buggy_fueler_blank
# idBlockLandingPadFull:3 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:4 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:5 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:6 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:7 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:8 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:9 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:10 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:11 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:12 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:13 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:14 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockLandingPadFull:15 : tile.landingPadFull: render=CUSTOM(47), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockLandingPadFull
block:id=idBlockLandingPadFull,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# 3353:0 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:1 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:2 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:3 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:4 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:5 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:6 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:7 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:8 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:9 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:10 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:11 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:12 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:13 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:14 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3353:15 : tile.unlitTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3353,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:0 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:1 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:2 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:3 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:4 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:5 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:6 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:7 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:8 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:9 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:10 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:11 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:12 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:13 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:14 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# 3354:15 : tile.unlitTorchLit: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockUnlitTorch
block:id=3354,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face1=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face2=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face3=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face4=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit,face5=0:galacticraftcore/unlitTorchLit
# idBlockAirDistributor:0 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:1 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:2 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input
# idBlockAirDistributor:3 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockAirDistributor:4 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:5 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:6 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:7 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:8 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:9 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:10 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:11 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:12 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:13 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:14 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirDistributor:15 : tile.distributor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDistributor
block:id=idBlockAirDistributor,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_distributor_fan
# idBlockAirCompressor:0 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2
# idBlockAirCompressor:1 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:2 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input
# idBlockAirCompressor:3 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockAirCompressor:4 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2
# idBlockAirCompressor:5 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:6 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output
# idBlockAirCompressor:7 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_compressor_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockAirCompressor:8 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:9 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:10 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:11 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:12 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:13 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:14 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCompressor:15 : tile.oxygenCompressor: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCompressor
block:id=idBlockAirCompressor,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_decompressor_1
# idBlockAirCollector:0 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:1 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:2 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output
# idBlockAirCollector:3 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockAirCollector:4 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:5 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:6 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:7 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:8 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:9 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:10 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:11 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:12 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:13 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:14 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockAirCollector:15 : tile.oxygenCollector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenCollector
block:id=idBlockAirCollector,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_collector_fan
# idBlockRefinery:0 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oil_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_front,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:1 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oil_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_front
# idBlockRefinery:2 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_front,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oil_input
# idBlockRefinery:3 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_front,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oil_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input
# idBlockRefinery:4 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:5 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:6 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:7 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:8 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:9 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:10 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:11 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:12 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:13 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:14 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockRefinery:15 : tile.refinery: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockRefinery
block:id=idBlockRefinery,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face2=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/refinery_side
# idBlockFuelLoader:0 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:1 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:2 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input
# idBlockFuelLoader:3 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockFuelLoader:4 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:5 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:6 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:7 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:8 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:9 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:10 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:11 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:12 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:13 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:14 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockFuelLoader:15 : tile.fuelLoader: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFuelLoader
block:id=idBlockFuelLoader,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuelloader
# idBlockOxygenSealer:0 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:1 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:2 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input
# idBlockOxygenSealer:3 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockOxygenSealer:4 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:5 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:6 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:7 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:8 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:9 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:10 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:11 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:12 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:13 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:14 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenSealer:15 : tile.sealer: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenSealer
block:id=idBlockOxygenSealer,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_sealer,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank
# idBlockOxygenDetector:0 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:1 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:2 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:3 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:4 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:5 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:6 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:7 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:8 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:9 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:10 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:11 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:12 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:13 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:14 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockOxygenDetector:15 : tile.oxygenDetector: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenDetector
block:id=idBlockOxygenDetector,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/detector_side
# idBlockCargoLoader:0 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:1 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:2 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_input
# idBlockCargoLoader:3 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargoloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockCargoLoader:4 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:5 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:6 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_output
# idBlockCargoLoader:7 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_item_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockCargoLoader:8 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:9 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:10 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:11 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:12 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:13 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:14 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockCargoLoader:15 : tile.cargo: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockCargoLoader
block:id=idBlockCargoLoader,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_cargounloader
# idBlockMachineB:0 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/coalGenerator,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB:1 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/coalGenerator
# idBlockMachineB:2 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/coalGenerator,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB:3 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/coalGenerator,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
# idBlockMachineB:4 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB:5 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB:6 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockMachineB:7 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/energyStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
# idBlockMachineB:8 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/electricFurnace,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB:9 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/electricFurnace
# idBlockMachineB:10 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/electricFurnace,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB:11 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/electricFurnace,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockMachineB:12 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/compressor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB:13 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/compressor
# idBlockMachineB:14 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/compressor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB:15 : tile.machine: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachineB,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/compressor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB2:0 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/electric_compressor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB2:1 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/electric_compressor
# idBlockMachineB2:2 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/electric_compressor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB2:3 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/electric_compressor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
# idBlockMachineB2:4 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/circuit_fabricator,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB2:5 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/circuit_fabricator
# idBlockMachineB2:6 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/circuit_fabricator,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
# idBlockMachineB2:7 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/circuit_fabricator,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
# idBlockMachineB2:8 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB2:9 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB2:10 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output
# idBlockMachineB2:11 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_oxygen_input
# idBlockMachineB2:12 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB2:13 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB2:14 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16
# idBlockMachineB2:15 : tile.machine2: render=CUSTOM(48), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMachine2
block:id=idBlockMachineB2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oxygenStorageModule_16
# idBlockAirPipe:0 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:1 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:2 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:3 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:4 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:5 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:6 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:7 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:8 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:9 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:10 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:11 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:12 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:13 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:14 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockAirPipe:15 : tile.oxygenPipe: render=CUSTOM(44), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockOxygenPipe
block:id=idBlockAirPipe,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face1=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face2=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face3=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face4=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white,face5=0:galacticraftcore/pipe_oxygen_white
# idBlockRocketBench:0 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:1 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:2 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:3 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:4 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:5 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:6 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:7 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:8 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:9 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:10 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:11 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:12 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:13 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:14 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockRocketBench:15 : tile.rocketWorkbench: render=CUSTOM(46), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAdvancedCraftingTable
block:id=idBlockRocketBench,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_side
# idBlockFallenMeteor:0 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:1 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:2 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:3 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:4 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:5 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:6 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:7 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:8 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:9 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:10 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:11 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:12 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:13 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:14 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockFallenMeteor:15 : tile.fallenMeteor: render=CUSTOM(45), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFallenMeteor
block:id=idBlockFallenMeteor,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fallen_meteor
# idBlockDecorationBlock:0 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2
# idBlockDecorationBlock:1 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockDecorationBlock:2 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1
# idBlockDecorationBlock:3 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_1
# idBlockDecorationBlock:4 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockDecorationBlock:5 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oreCopper,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oreCopper,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oreCopper,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oreCopper,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oreCopper,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oreCopper
# idBlockDecorationBlock:6 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oreTin,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oreTin,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oreTin,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oreTin,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oreTin,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oreTin
# idBlockDecorationBlock:7 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oreAluminum,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oreAluminum,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oreAluminum,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oreAluminum,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oreAluminum,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oreAluminum
# idBlockDecorationBlock:8 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oreSilicon,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oreSilicon,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oreSilicon,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oreSilicon,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oreSilicon,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oreSilicon
# idBlockDecorationBlock:9 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_copper_block
# idBlockDecorationBlock:10 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_tin_block
# idBlockDecorationBlock:11 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_block
# idBlockDecorationBlock:12 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2
# idBlockDecorationBlock:13 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2
# idBlockDecorationBlock:14 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2
# idBlockDecorationBlock:15 : tile.gcBlockCore: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlock
block:id=idBlockDecorationBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face1=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face2=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face3=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face4=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2,face5=0:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_2
# idBlockAirLockFrame:0 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:1 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:2 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:3 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:4 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:5 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:6 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:7 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:8 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:9 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:10 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:11 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:12 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:13 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:14 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockFrame:15 : tile.airLockFrame: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockFrame
block:id=idBlockAirLockFrame,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face1=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_off,face2=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face3=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face4=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off,face5=0:galacticraftcore/airlock_control_off
# idBlockAirLockSeal:0 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:1 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:2 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:3 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:4 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:5 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:6 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:7 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:8 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:9 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:10 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:11 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:12 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:13 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:14 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockAirLockSeal:15 : tile.airLockSeal: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAirLockWall
block:id=idBlockAirLockSeal,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/deco_aluminium_4
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:0 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:1 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:2 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:3 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:4 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:5 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:6 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:7 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:8 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:9 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:10 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:11 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:12 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:13 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:14 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockCrudeOilStill:15 : tile.crudeOilStill: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockCrudeOilStill,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/oil_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/oil_flow
# idBlockDummy:0 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:1 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:2 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:3 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face1=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face2=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face3=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face4=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top,face5=0:galacticraftcore/workbench_nasa_top
# idBlockDummy:4 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0,face1=0:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0,face2=0:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0,face3=0:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0,face4=0:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0,face5=0:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_0
# idBlockDummy:5 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face1=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face2=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face3=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face4=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face5=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy
# idBlockDummy:6 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:7 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:8 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:9 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:10 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:11 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:12 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:13 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:14 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockDummy:15 : tile.dummyblock: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockMulti
block:id=idBlockDummy,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face1=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face2=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face3=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face4=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad,face5=0:galacticraftcore/launch_pad
# idBlockEnclosedWire:1 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_oxygen_pipe
# idBlockEnclosedWire:2 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_copper_cable
# idBlockEnclosedWire:3 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_gold_cable
# idBlockEnclosedWire:4 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_hv_cable
# idBlockEnclosedWire:5 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_glassfibre_cable
# idBlockEnclosedWire:6 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_lv_cable
# idBlockEnclosedWire:7 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_stone
# idBlockEnclosedWire:8 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_itempipe_cobblestone
# idBlockEnclosedWire:9 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_stone
# idBlockEnclosedWire:10 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_liquidpipe_cobblestone
# idBlockEnclosedWire:11 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_stone
# idBlockEnclosedWire:12 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_powerpipe_gold
# idBlockEnclosedWire:13 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_me_cable
# idBlockEnclosedWire:14 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_aluminum_wire
# idBlockEnclosedWire:15 : tile.enclosed: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockEnclosed
block:id=idBlockEnclosedWire,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/enclosed_heavy_aluminum_wire
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:0 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:1 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:2 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:3 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:4 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:5 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:6 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:7 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:8 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:9 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:10 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:11 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:12 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:13 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:14 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTieredTreasureChest:15 : tile.treasureChest: render=CUSTOM(41), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockT1TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTieredTreasureChest,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockSolarPanel:0 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:1 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:2 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/machine_output
# idBlockSolarPanel:3 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_basic_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:4 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:5 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:6 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/machine_output
# idBlockSolarPanel:7 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:8 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:9 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:10 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:11 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:12 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:13 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:14 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockSolarPanel:15 : tile.solar: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockSolar
block:id=idBlockSolarPanel,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face5=12000:galacticraftcore/solar_advanced_1
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:0 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:1 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:2 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:3 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:4 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:5 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:6 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:7 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:8 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:9 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:10 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:11 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:12 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:13 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:14 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockGlowstoneTorch:15 : tile.glowstoneTorch: render=CUSTOM(42), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockGlowstoneTorch
block:id=idBlockGlowstoneTorch,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face1=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face2=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face3=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face4=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch,face5=0:galacticraftcore/glowstoneTorch
# idBlockFuel:0 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:1 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:2 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:3 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:4 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:5 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:6 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:7 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:8 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:9 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:10 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:11 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:12 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:13 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:14 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockFuel:15 : tile.fuel: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockFluid
block:id=idBlockFuel,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_still,face1=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face2=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face3=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face4=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow,face5=0:galacticraftcore/fuel_flow
# idBlockCopperWire:0 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:1 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWireHeavy
# idBlockCopperWire:2 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:3 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:4 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:5 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:6 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:7 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:8 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:9 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:10 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:11 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:12 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:13 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:14 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire
# idBlockCopperWire:15 : tile.aluminumWire: render=CUSTOM(-1), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.blocks.GCCoreBlockAluminumWire
block:id=idBlockCopperWire,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face1=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face2=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face3=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face4=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire,face5=0:galacticraftcore/aluminumWire

texturepath:assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_brown.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_light_blue.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/sludge,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/sludge.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/top,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/top.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_silver.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/creeperEgg.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tin,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tin.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_red.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_yellow.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/decoration_desh.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_white.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/iron,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/iron.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/vine_2,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/vine_2.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_gray.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/blank,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/blueEgg_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/blueEgg_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_cyan.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_magenta.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/cobblestone,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_black.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_pink.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/yellowEgg_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/yellowEgg_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/middle,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/middle.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_blue.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_green.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_lime.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/vine_1,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/vine_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/vine_0,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/vine_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/brick,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/redEgg_0.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/copper,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/copper.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/redEgg_1.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/bottom,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/bottom.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_purple.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/sludge_flow.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/tintedGlassPane_orange.png
texture:id=galacticraftmars/desh,filename=assets/galacticraftmars/textures/blocks/desh.png

# idBlockMars:0 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/copper,face1=0:galacticraftmars/copper,face2=0:galacticraftmars/copper,face3=0:galacticraftmars/copper,face4=0:galacticraftmars/copper,face5=0:galacticraftmars/copper
# idBlockMars:1 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tin,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tin,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tin,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tin,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tin,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tin
# idBlockMars:2 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/desh
# idBlockMars:3 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/iron,face1=0:galacticraftmars/iron,face2=0:galacticraftmars/iron,face3=0:galacticraftmars/iron,face4=0:galacticraftmars/iron,face5=0:galacticraftmars/iron
# idBlockMars:4 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/cobblestone,face1=0:galacticraftmars/cobblestone,face2=0:galacticraftmars/cobblestone,face3=0:galacticraftmars/cobblestone,face4=0:galacticraftmars/cobblestone,face5=0:galacticraftmars/cobblestone
# idBlockMars:5 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/top,face1=0:galacticraftmars/top,face2=0:galacticraftmars/top,face3=0:galacticraftmars/top,face4=0:galacticraftmars/top,face5=0:galacticraftmars/top
# idBlockMars:6 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/middle,face1=0:galacticraftmars/middle,face2=0:galacticraftmars/middle,face3=0:galacticraftmars/middle,face4=0:galacticraftmars/middle,face5=0:galacticraftmars/middle
# idBlockMars:7 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/brick,face1=0:galacticraftmars/brick,face2=0:galacticraftmars/brick,face3=0:galacticraftmars/brick,face4=0:galacticraftmars/brick,face5=0:galacticraftmars/brick
# idBlockMars:8 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh
# idBlockMars:9 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/bottom,face1=0:galacticraftmars/bottom,face2=0:galacticraftmars/bottom,face3=0:galacticraftmars/bottom,face4=0:galacticraftmars/bottom,face5=0:galacticraftmars/bottom
# idBlockMars:10 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face3=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face4=0:galacticraftcore/blank,face5=0:galacticraftcore/blank
# idBlockMars:11 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh
# idBlockMars:12 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh
# idBlockMars:13 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh
# idBlockMars:14 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh
# idBlockMars:15 : tile.mars: render=STANDARD(0), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlock
block:id=idBlockMars,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face1=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face2=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face3=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face4=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh,face5=0:galacticraftmars/decoration_desh
# idBlockBacterialSludge:0 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:1 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:2 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:3 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:4 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:5 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:6 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:7 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:8 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:9 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:10 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:11 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:12 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:13 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:14 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockBacterialSludge:15 : tile.sludge: render=CUSTOM(40), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSludge
block:id=idBlockBacterialSludge,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/sludge,face1=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/sludge_flow
# idBlockVine:0 : tile.cavernVines: render=CUSTOM(49), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockVine
block:id=idBlockVine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/vine_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/vine_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/vine_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/vine_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/vine_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/vine_0
# idBlockVine:1 : tile.cavernVines: render=CUSTOM(49), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockVine
block:id=idBlockVine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/vine_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/vine_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/vine_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/vine_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/vine_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/vine_1
# idBlockVine:2 : tile.cavernVines: render=CUSTOM(49), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockVine
block:id=idBlockVine,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/vine_2,face1=0:galacticraftmars/vine_2,face2=0:galacticraftmars/vine_2,face3=0:galacticraftmars/vine_2,face4=0:galacticraftmars/vine_2,face5=0:galacticraftmars/vine_2
# idBlockRock:0 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0
# idBlockRock:1 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0
# idBlockRock:2 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0
# idBlockRock:3 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1
# idBlockRock:4 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1
# idBlockRock:5 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1
# idBlockRock:6 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0
# idBlockRock:7 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0
# idBlockRock:8 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0
# idBlockRock:9 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1
# idBlockRock:10 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_1
# idBlockRock:11 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_1
# idBlockRock:12 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_0
# idBlockRock:13 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/blueEgg_0
# idBlockRock:14 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face1=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face2=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/yellowEgg_0
# idBlockRock:15 : tile.slimelingEgg: render=CUSTOM(50), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockSlimelingEgg
block:id=idBlockRock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face1=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face2=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face3=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face4=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1,face5=0:galacticraftmars/redEgg_1
# idBlockCreeperEgg:0 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:1 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:2 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:3 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:4 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:5 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:6 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:7 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:8 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:9 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:10 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:11 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:12 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:13 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:14 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockCreeperEgg:15 : tile.creeperEgg: render=DRAGONEGG(27), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockCreeperEgg
block:id=idBlockCreeperEgg,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face1=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face2=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face3=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face4=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg,face5=0:galacticraftmars/creeperEgg
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:0 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_white
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:1 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_orange
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:2 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_magenta
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:3 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_light_blue
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:4 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_yellow
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:5 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_lime
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:6 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_pink
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:7 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_gray
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:8 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_silver
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:9 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_cyan
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:10 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_purple
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:11 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_blue
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:12 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_brown
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:13 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_green
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:14 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_red
# idBlockTintedGlassPane:15 : tile.tintedGlassPane: render=CUSTOM(53), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockTintedGlassPane
block:id=idBlockTintedGlassPane,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black,face1=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black,face2=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black,face3=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black,face4=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black,face5=0:galacticraftmars/tintedGlassPane_black
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:0 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:1 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:2 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:3 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:4 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:5 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:6 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:7 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:8 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:9 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:10 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:11 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:12 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:13 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:14 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockTreasureChestT2:15 : tile.treasureT2: render=CUSTOM(51), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockT2TreasureChest
block:id=idBlockTreasureChestT2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face1=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face2=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face3=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face4=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single,face5=0:galacticraftcore/treasure_front_single
# idBlockMachine:0 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0
# idBlockMachine:1 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face5=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0
# idBlockMachine:2 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0
# idBlockMachine:3 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face3=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face4=0:galacticraftmars/terraformer_0,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockMachine:4 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face3=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face4=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face5=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy
# idBlockMachine:5 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face3=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face4=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face5=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy
# idBlockMachine:6 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face3=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face4=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face5=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy
# idBlockMachine:7 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face3=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face4=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy,face5=0:galacticraftmars/cryoDummy
# idBlockMachine:8 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
# idBlockMachine:9 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
# idBlockMachine:10 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
# idBlockMachine:11 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
# idBlockMachine:12 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
# idBlockMachine:13 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
# idBlockMachine:14 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
# idBlockMachine:15 : tile.marsMachine: render=CUSTOM(52), class=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.mars.blocks.GCMarsBlockMachine
block:id=idBlockMachine,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face2=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face3=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face4=0:galacticraftmars/launchController,face5=0:galacticraftmars/launchController
